ohno.md, before:

... someone adds a thousand not-quite rectangular buildings.

... the building_tools plugin goes away.

... someone uses `highway=road`.

... iD switches to right-click-and-drag to pan the map.

... someone glues all your roads to nearby landuses.

... someone uses `Highway=Road`.

... some HOT mappers visited your area.

... the offset of your favorite imagery is adjusted in a random direction.

... you have to post on the tagging mailing list.

... TIGER gets imported worldwide.

... someone changes a TIGER imported road, but makes it worse.

... someone adds a 5,000 member landuse polygon in your area.

... someone maps all the sidewalks in your town with `sidewalk` tag on highways and separate `highway=footway` ways.

... you'll get 100 conflicts on your next upload.

... someone adds a thousand not-quite rectangular buildings.

... someone tags draws a road through a house.

... you switch to Maxar imagery.

... someone changes a building name to the romanised form

... someone forgets to tag a way as a building.

... someone uploaded a closed way with just `area=yes`.

... someone tags `barrier` on a landuse.

... someone comes up with a new public transport tagging scheme.

... your HOTOSM task is invalidated.

... someone performs a mechanical edit on everything with a `name` tag.

... someone creates a changeset spanning half the globe.

... another year is added to when the area datatype will be available.

... APIv0.7 gets delayed again.

... someone moves a whole city to Antarctica.

... another proposal for a new type of basketball hoop is created.

... someone breaks the coastline for Eurasia.

... an underpaid Amazon worker imports the whole of Google Maps into OSM.

... someone tries to add a multipolygon relation for the Eurasian landmass.

... an underpaid Amazon worker starts mapping driveways in your area.

... someone labels the world as "COVID-19".

... someone deletes the whole UK administrative boundary when trying to add their business.

... JOSM stops responding.

... someone explains the difference between path and footway.

... JOSM causes a Blue Screen.

... someone updates `opening_hours` rather than `opening_hours:covid19`.

... someone adds Google Maps in the source tag.

... JOSM and iD stop working, and the Potlatch editors feel smug.

... you have to map more greenhouses in Demre.

... you have to map 500 pathways in Ghana.

... every way you touch will be part of a massive landuse multipolygon relation that won't load in JOSM.

... JOSM takes over your soul ever so mor.

... JOSM starts flipping your left & right mouse button.

... JOSM's snow for christmas is displayed all the time, not just at start up.

... 2 JOSM keyboard shortcuts are randomly switched.

... a JOSM plugin suddenly stops working.

... we have to change the OSM license again.

... we become CC-BY-SA-ND.

... someone suggests changing to CC-0.

Commit message:

Fix some mistakes and add a few more lines

ohno.md, after:

... someone adds a thousand not-quite rectangular buildings.

... the building_tools plugin goes away.

... someone uses `highway=road`.

... iD switches to right-click-and-drag to pan the map.

... someone glues all your roads to nearby landuses.

... someone uses `Highway=Road`.

... some HOT mappers visited your area.

... the offset of your favorite imagery is adjusted in a random direction.

... you have to post on the tagging mailing list.

... TIGER gets imported worldwide.

... someone changes a TIGER imported road, but makes it worse.

... someone adds a 5,000 member landuse polygon in your area.

... someone maps all the sidewalks in your town with `sidewalk` tag on highways and separate `highway=footway` ways.

... you'll get 100 conflicts on your next upload.

... someone draws a road through a house.

... you switch to Maxar imagery.

... someone changes a building name to the romanised form.

... someone forgets to tag a way as a building.

... someone uploaded a closed way with just `area=yes`.

... someone tags `barrier` on a landuse.

... someone comes up with a new public transport tagging scheme.

... your HOTOSM task is invalidated.

... someone performs a mechanical edit on everything with a `name` tag.

... someone creates a changeset spanning half the globe.

... another year is added to when the area datatype will be available.

... APIv0.7 gets delayed again.

... someone moves a whole city to Antarctica.

... another proposal for a new type of basketball hoop is created.

... someone breaks the coastline for Eurasia.

... an underpaid Amazon worker imports the whole of Google Maps into OSM.

... someone tries to add a multipolygon relation for the Eurasian landmass.

... an underpaid Amazon worker starts mapping driveways in your area.

... someone labels the world as "COVID-19".

... someone deletes the whole UK administrative boundary when trying to add their business.

... JOSM stops responding.

... someone explains the difference between path and footway.

... JOSM causes a Blue Screen of Death.

... someone updates `opening_hours` rather than `opening_hours:covid19`.

... someone adds Google Maps in the source tag.

... JOSM and iD stop working, and the Potlatch editors feel smug.

... you have to map more greenhouses in Demre.

... you have to map 500 pathways in Ghana.

... every way you touch will be part of a massive landuse multipolygon relation that won't load in JOSM.

... JOSM takes over your soul ever so more.

... JOSM starts flipping your left and right mouse button.

... JOSM's snow for christmas is displayed all the time, not just at start up.

... two JOSM keyboard shortcuts are randomly switched.

... a JOSM plugin suddenly stops working.

... we have to change the OSM license again.

... we become CC-BY-SA-ND.

... someone suggests changing to CC-0.

... someone deletes a way along with all of its history only to draw a new one in the same place with slightly different tags.

... iD starts adding `nonstraight=yes` to lines that shouldn't be straightened.
